tests: nrf_auraconfig: Create BSIM tester (#18898)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: tests/bluetooth/bsim/nrf_auraconfig/README.rst

.. _nrf_auraconfig_test:

nRF Auraconfig test
###################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

This test code is a shim to allow for Zephyr's :ref:`zephyr:bsim` testing of the :ref:`nrf_auraconfig` sample.
It is not intended for use in production code.
Compared to other tests, these run as integration tests involving the Controller, the Host, and the application layer.

Requirements
************

The test supports the :ref:`nrf5340bsim<nrf5340bsim>` board.

Building and running
********************

> These tests are run as part of nRF Connect SDK CI with specific configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These tests are run as part of |NCS| CI with specific configurations.
```
